hi everyone today we're going to do a
very simple style all we're going to do
is we're going to put our hair into two
ponytails you can see it won't ponytail
there and one ponytail at the back so
all you do is you just take this first
ponytail and you split it into half like
this so it's clinging to earth and then
you take their hair are you loop it
underneath the second ponytail so when
you loop it underneath it second
ponytail we're going to twist up that
section once we twist it up slightly you
just tuck it into the hair tie of the
second ponytail you can see that it's
Proms almost like a bomb now the next
thing is this section here we're just
gonna lightly twist the ends and then
tuck that into itself once you tuck it
in the next thing you just have to do is
just to shape the bran any way you want
and just unlit any spacing or any cut
ring and that's the star